we're still have to bring up no problem
we are going to go to an interview with
sin in a moment in a moment but
seriously look at this guy man how good
is he all right well that does it for
the third and fourth place match at
least four choices to myself after ice
will be at the Lawndale any harm booth
good to come sign so thank you guys so
much but enough about us on the
interview was sent away thanks so much
guys send you look so happy how does it
feel to be July Zerg of course very
happy because this is my first time we
love a nice place lies top street in big
tournament so I'm very happy you're
shaking you don't look at you're shaking
you look like a man of confidence and
victory so how did you prepare against
July's play you know he's a little weak
on ZBZ work some things out there I saw
a lot of early struggling regression
what was the plan actually I didn't play
any but I just know I just play my my
style and do act what he did actually
equity so yeah that was certainly some
quick thinking they're being able to
realize react like that so what does
this mean to you taking third place now
you finally have a serious achievement
onto your belt you beat your way through
a very serious group took out the likes
of adre and andrew be so what are you
what are you feeling inside now overall
um actually I don't understand why you
say so but I it's okay i'm very happy
except to say thank you everyone yeah
is there anything else you'd like to
share with the fans or are you done
being intimidated by my my questions I I
don't let you down who supports me this
time thank you excellent play
congratulations and we're so proud of
you everybody we're going to be taking
an hour-long break and sorry I'm cupping
the mic like a rapper again Nick and Dan
are going to be at the back and the
heroes of newerth booth signing
autographs and will rejoin you in an
hour once again congratulations son
thank you